Upgrade docs and release a new alpha version (#207)
tidalmigrations/machine_stats: unix-alpha/CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to _Machine Stats_

> | :exclamation:  Warning: This is not a stable release! The following document can be inaccurate. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| :exclamation:  Warning: This is not a stable release! The following documention is a work in progress and might not be accurate |
```
